You may think you're
doing the right thing
but you don't know
the whole story.
(Roboppi)
Hey!
Whadaya say?
Wanna get going?
Before my arm falls off!
(Ai)
Well everyone... it's time.
I'll do what needs to be done.
(Yusaku)
Kolter.
Hey, Yusaku,
what's up!
Grab a seat
why dontcha?
Thanks for mannin' the stand
while I was out yesterday.
Of course, how's
your brother doing?
Great.
After he regained consciousness,
his condition really
started to improve.
The doctors said
that if things keep improving,
he might be able
to come home soon!
That's great news, Kolter.
Yeah.
If anyone deserves a break,
it's my brother.
Just when he
was starting
to recover from
the Lost Incident,
Lightning had to straight up
hijack his mind
so that he could use him
as a pawn in a war against us.
(Yusaku)
But when Lightning was defeated,
Jin was freed from his grasp.
It's so hard
to imagine one person
having to live
through all of that.
You said it.
But despite everything,
his heart stayed strong
and he never ever gave up.
(Yusaku)
He finally has a chance
to move forward
without being haunted
by the ghosts of the past.
And with your help,
I'm sure he will.
Yup, cuz if anyone
deserves a brand new start,
it's definitely him!
Yeah.
(Kolter)
So gotta ask,
have you heard from Ai?
Not yet.
He told me that he needed
some time to himself.
Now now,
no mopey faces.
You're gonna scare
the customers away!
You know Ai can take
care of himself.
So why don't
I grill you up a dog
and turn that frown
upside down!
Sounds good.
(Man)
SOL Technologies brings you
the future with SOLtiS:
the world's first android
made just for you!
For the office, at play,
or even at home,
SOLtiS will take care
of your every need!
Yeah, right.
I bet it can't grill
a mean dog like me!
♪♪♪
(Hayami)
Good news!
Our SOLtiS sales
are off the charts!
Everyone from small families
to large corporations
are buying!
Even my grandma
bought one
and she doesn't even know
how to operate a toaster!
That's good to hear,
every bit counts.
Since we had to shut down
LINK VRAINS,
SOL Technologies future
depends on its success.
I believe our future's
in great hands
under your
stewardship...
Executive Director!
Executive Director.
I'm still not
used to that.
Well you deserve it!
#2 in charge
at SOL Tech,
which means your second
only to the Queen.
After all,
you are the hero
who saved everyone trapped
inside LINK VRAINS!
I didn't do much of anything.
Playmaker is the one that
deserves the credit.
He is the real hero.
C'mon, don't be
so modest!
I've watched
the footage
of you sacrificing
yourself to save everyone,
many, many times!
Why it might even be
over a hundred times!
So what you're
saying, Hayami...
is you've watched me
get knocked unconscious
over a hundred times?
Well, I suppose
that's true, yes,
but that only goes
to show why you deserved
to be promoted
above all the rest!
I wonder what my grandma
would say
when I tell her
my future fiancée
is gonna run all
of SOL Tech someday!
(Pigeon)
Hey boss,
ya ever wonder why Bohman
let us film his duels
instead of absorbin' us
like everybody else?
(Frog)
Let us?
He didn't let us do nuthin',
makin' us dodge
all his tornadoes and stuff!
But it was worth it
cuz it's the best footage
we got inside LINK VRAINS.
We're going to be
superstars I tell ya!
Do superstars
get bonuses?
You bet!
And not just bonuses,
they get promotions,
and I'm angling
for Editor in Chief!
You deserve it,
boss!
And then I can be
your Vice Chief!
How dare you!
(grunts)
Uh, do I know you?!
Oh you know me all right
and now I know the real you!
I recognize that voice...
(Pigeon)
It's our boss!
That's right!
In the flesh!
Well, blue flesh
anyway.
I've been watching you
two for this entire time!
(screaming)
And you are correct,
superstars do get bonuses!
But people angling for my job...
do not!
Aah!
Oh no!
Our superstar status
just went supernova, Boss!
Everyone seems happy
with their new SOLtiS.
They are.
Emails are pouring in
thanking us
for helping
with their lives...
with a sprinkling
of complaints.
Complaints?
Complaints about what?
Well for some,
SOLtiS are better at their
own jobs than they are.
They're kinda scared
that the SOLtiS
are going to take
over the world from humanity.
That again, huh?
That fear never seems
to go away, does it?
It's unfortunate
that no one knows
what Playmaker
was fighting for.
What was it that he
was fighting for?
(Zaizen)
People are scared of AIs,
so in turn,
AIs are scared of people.
When both sides
are scared, they fight.
But Playmaker saw
things differently.
He knew that we could coexist
if we just stopped being
scared of one another.
And eventually
we will.
We just have
to be patient
because when a new
technology comes out,
people are scared
of it at first,
but soon think how they
could've ever lived without it!
Like how you seem scary
at first with your scowl,
but I now can't imagine
living a day without you.
Live without me?
(gasps)
(chuckles)
(Woman)
What a day at sea.
Pass the shrimp.
(Captain)
Madam Queen,
when I bought your company's
SOLtiS to work on my ship,
I didn't know what to expect.
But what I certainly
didn't expect
was that it would exceed
my expectations!
I'm glad to hear it,
Captain,
but I must say that I never
had a doubt that they would.
These androids are
at the cutting edge
of AI technology,
and their intelligence
is still rapidly improving.
Hope not too fast.
Or they'll be steering this ship
across the seas instead of me.
(Roboppi)
Hey, I found a way
into their ship!
Just like I told ya!
See!
Androids!
That's how we
can sneak in!
All aboard,
Captain!
You've already
swabbed the deck?
Yep! Followed all
your orders to a T!
I disabled any tech
that could trace us!
So there's no way anyone
knows we're onboard!
(laugs)
Nice.
I can't believe
I'm on a boat!
A real boat!
The last boat I saw was
floating in the bathtub.
Yes, but this one is a tiny
bit bigger than that one.
But don't you forget
that we're here on a mission.
So, don't get lost
and wander into a broom closet
or something.
So this boat comes
with broom closets too?
With like real brooms
and buckets and mops inside?
Are you super sure
we don't have time
to check it out?
Because thanks to
SOL Technologies techsperts...
I now have this
awesome body
to touch and grab
and feel everything!
Maybe we can find some time
to sightsee later on
but for now,
we have a job to do.
This will be fun.
(Ai)
Wakey wakey!
(gasps)
Greetings, my Queen.
Yeah, hi,
Your Highness!
Who are you?
(Ai)
Oh you know,
just a couple of programs
who've taken the liberty
of commandeering
two of your SOLtiS
for a test drive.
And I must say--
That's enough out of you.
I don't know who you are
or what you want
but I can tell you this much.
You've made a huge
mistake coming here!
No, Queen.
It's you who's
made the mistake.
Me?
What are you talking about?
A while ago,
your company acquired,
I mean, captured
an Ignis.
And while in your possession
your people disintegrated him.
Under your
personal orders.
So what?
That ignis was nothing
but a program.
(Ai)
Just a program?
Perhaps for you.
But for me, Earth was my friend.
Hmmm.
And I'm here
to get his revenge.
And oh, not just
against you.
But against your
whole company.
(sighs)
You see,
as SOL Tech's top dog,
you hold all its secrets.
Including the special code key
that gives you control
of SOL Tech's mainframe.
And I can't wait
to get my finger on it.
Where am I?
(Ai)
Welcome to my world.
The digital world.
A place where no one
can bother us
because I don't want
anyone interfering
with our private
little duel date.
(Roboppi)
Ooooooh, a date?
The one with smoochies
or the fruit?
Ugh, no smoochies.
Right!
Enough!
Let's get this over with now!
(Ai)
Are you mad?
I think you're mad.
But, very well.
(Both)
Time to duel!
I must admit,
you're playing quite
an impressive turn.
And I'm not done yet.
I will now rule my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 GOLDEN ALLURE QUEEN!
Then I activate
my Field Spell's effect!
ALLURE PALACE increases
GOLDEN ALLURE QUEEN's attack
and defense points by 500!
Next I activate
her special ability!
She gains the attack points
of the ALLURE QUEEN
that's next to her link!
5000 attack points, not bad.
And while ALLURE PALACE
is in play,
if you try to destroy
my ALLURE QUEEN
with an attack or an ability,
my QUEEN won't be destroyed.
But I get to destroy
one of your monsters.
I see...
(Queen)
But if you choose
to summon a monster anyway,
my other spell ALLURE DANCE
forces it to attack
my GOLDEN ALLURE QUEEN,
which is the strongest
monster in play.
So is that some good news
or some bad news?
Oh it's bad bad news.
Well, you still
got this!
I'm not so certain
about that.
The Queen here has
put me in quite the pickle!
Yay!
You're cheering
for the wrong side now!
The Queen's
gonna win!
Sorry!
With that I end my turn.
Let's see what you can do now.
But know that whatever
you try will never be enough.
I cannot wait
to prove you wrong.
Hmm.
I calculated the odds
of you winning
and let's just say
it doesn't look pretty.
Then good thing this was
never a beauty contest.
It's my turn!
I draw!
First I activate...
This here IGNISTER A.I.LAND!
Since I currently
have no monsters
in my Main Monster Zone
I can summon a Level 4
or lower @IGNISTER
directly from my hand.
Come, PIKARI @IGNISTER!
And I'll use it
to create my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 LINGURIBOH!
Since my Main Monster Zone's
empty again...
I can summon another @IGNISTER!
BURURU!
And now
I summon DOYON @IGNISTER!
And I'll activate
its special ability
to add one @IGNISTER
in my graveyard...
to my hand!
I now have what I need
to create my circuit again!
The summoning conditions
require three Cyberses,
including a Dark Attribute
monster!
Finally, it is time...
to unleash a monster forged
from the darkest depths
of the shadows...
striking fear to all
who witness its majestic might!
So here it is,
the one, the only,
Sometime today
would great!
the awesome,
and awe-inspiring--
Alright fine!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DARK TEMPLAR
@IGNISTER!
Oh yeah!
You got this now!
And there's more!
IGNISTER A.I.LAND
activates again
summoning another
@IGNISTER to my field:
PIKARI @IGNISTER!
And doing so triggers
DARK TEMPLAR's special ability!
Since I just summoned a monster
right next to its link,
I'm now allowed
to resurrect my monsters
and summon them next
to my DARK TEMPLAR
@IGNISTER's other two links.
So welcome back
DOYON and BURURU!
But they won't
stick around for long.
Cuz Level 3 BURURU
tunes Level 4 DOYON!
When the gale mixes
with the cosmic beyond,
the wings of the mighty
gallops across the heavens!
I Synchro Summon!
Level 7 WIND PEGASUS @IGNISTER!
I've never ever seen
that monster before!
Becuz I've
never played it.
And I have plenty more
surprises in store.
Like this one.
If BURURU is
one of the two monsters
I used to Synchro Summon,
I can resurrect
the second monster.
So DOYON, rise again!
And watch this...
I'll use it to summon again.
But this time I'll Xyz Summon!
With these two monsters
I will build
the Overlay Network!
The electric light travels
the expanse of the universe
to manifest itself
in a roar of glory!
I will now Xyz Summon!
Rank 4 LIGHT DRAGON @IGNISTER!
Is that supposed to scare me?
All that razzle dazzle
for only 2300 attack points.
My GOLDEN ALLURE QUEEN
has 5000 attack points.
(giggles)
That's right, keep acting
as if you're not worried.
Oh, this is no act.
(gasps)
(Ai)
Not when I have
my WIND PEGASUS' ability!
For every @IGNISTER
I have in play,
it can destroy
one of your spell or trap cards.
And I'm counting three of 'em,
so you can get rid
of all of Queen's cards!
WIND PEGASUS,
destroy ALLURE PALACE
and ALLURE DANCE!
With them gone,
they're taking a big chunk
of ALLURE QUEENs'
attack points with 'em!
Yes, and it'll keep dropping
since ALLURE QUEEN LV7's attack
points have decreased by 500,
so does GOLDEN ALLURE QUEEN's.
And now...
I'll activate my LIGHT DRAGON's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
for every @IGNISTER
I have in play,
it destroys
one of your monsters!
That means all your
ALLURE QUEENS
are losing
their crowns!
(Queen gasps)
(Ai)
Your reign is over!
Bye bye!
No, this can't be
happening.
I had every advantage!
You had.
Past tense.
But this is the present.
WIND PEGASUS, attack!
Now...
One last attack
and you're finished.
Actually,
the only thing that
I'm finished with
is losing to a badly
written piece of malware
that got away
with a few lucky draws!
But I'm rewriting the script.
I play my Skill!
(Ai)
Hey!
You're only allowed to use
Skills in Speed Duels!
I can do whatever I want,
whenever I want!
(Roboppi)
Including cheat?!
You have a problem
with that?!
(Roboppi)
No, ma'am!
When I activate my Skill,
Power Possession,
if you attack me directly
and deal me damage,
I regain those life points
as if you didn't do a thing.
Then I also get to play
a trap card from my collection.
Even if it's not in my deck!
I play DROWNING MIRROR FORCE!
Now, if you try
to attack me again
my trap will send
all of your monsters
straight back to your deck.
Well now, that would be
a problem
if I didn't have
a problem solver.
I activate Lingy's ability
from my graveyard!
By tributing my
WIND PEGASUS @IGNISTER,
I can resummon Lingy
back to my field!
And I know you said
I shouldn't attack you, but...
Go!
LIGHT DRAGON @IGNISTER!
You arrogant fool!
I now activate
my trap DROWNING MIRROR FORCE!
I did warn you.
If you attack my
life points directly,
all monsters on your field
return to your deck--
Allow me to stop you
right there!
Whenever you
activate a trap card,
I can tribute
my good buddy Lingy
to negate that trap's effect
and banish it!
(screaming)
And now, DARK TEMPLAR @IGNISTER,
finish her!
(growls)
(screaming)
(grunts)
And with that, the Queen
has now lost her castle.
(Zaizen)
What?
How could that happen?
I see.
I'm on my way.
(Skye)
Is everything okay, Akira?
No, Skye, nothing is okay.
W-What happened?
(Zaizen)
Someone attacked the Queen.
(gasps)
I have to go
check it out.
Don't wait up.
How is she?
The Queen's been asleep
ever since we found her,
and we can't
wake her up.
And how many know?
Not many.
It hasn't been easy
but so far we've been able
to keep things fairly quiet.
Even members of the media
onboard this ship
haven't caught wind
of this yet.
Good. Let's try
and keep it that way.
Do you have any leads
on who the culprit is?
We know exactly who he is
because he didn't try
to cover his tracks.
Show me at once.
(Captain)
The culprit left a video message
directly addressed to you, sir.
(Zaizen)
Addressed to me?
Here it is.
It can't be!